# CMAKE generated file: DO NOT EDIT!
# Generated by "Unix Makefiles" Generator, CMake Version 2.4

# Default target executed when no arguments are given to make.
default_target: all

#=============================================================================
# Special targets provided by cmake.

# Disable implicit rules so canoncical targets will work.
.SUFFIXES:

.SUFFIXES: .hpux_make_needs_suffix_list

# Suppress display of executed commands.
$(VERBOSE).SILENT:

# A target that is always out of date.
cmake_force:

#=============================================================================
# Set environment variables for the build.

# The shell in which to execute make rules.
SHELL = /bin/sh

# The CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND = /opt/local/bin/cmake

# The command to remove a file.
RM = /opt/local/bin/cmake -E remove -f

# The program to use to edit the cache.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND = /opt/local/bin/ccmake

# The top-level source directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR = /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib

# The top-level build directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_BINARY_DIR = /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib

# Include the progress variables for this target.
include CMakeFiles/progress.make

#=============================================================================
# Targets provided globally by CMake.

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake cache editor..."
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/taglib && /opt/local/bin/ccmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache/fast: edit_cache

# Special rule for the target install
install: preinstall
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Install the project..."
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/taglib && /opt/local/bin/cmake -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install
install/fast: preinstall/fast
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Install the project..."
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/taglib && /opt/local/bin/cmake -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install/local
install/local: preinstall
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Installing only the local directory..."
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/taglib && /opt/local/bin/cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LOCAL_ONLY=1 -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install/local
install/local/fast: install/local

# Special rule for the target list_install_components
list_install_components:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Only default component available"

# Special rule for the target list_install_components
list_install_components/fast: list_install_components

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake to regenerate build system..."
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/taglib && /opt/local/bin/cmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache/fast: rebuild_cache

# The main all target
all: cmake_check_build_system
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/CMakeFiles $(CMAKE_ALL_PROGRESS)
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 taglib/all
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib/CMakeFiles 0

# The main clean target
clean:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 taglib/clean

# The main clean target
clean/fast: clean

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall: all
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 taglib/preinstall

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall/fast:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 taglib/preinstall

# clear depends
depend:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 1

# Convenience name for target.
taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/rule:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/rule

# Convenience name for target.
tag: taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/rule

# fast build rule for target.
tag/fast:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build

# target to build an object file
ape/apefooter.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apefooter.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ape/apefooter.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apefooter.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ape/apefooter.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apefooter.s

# target to build an object file
ape/apeitem.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apeitem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ape/apeitem.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apeitem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ape/apeitem.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apeitem.s

# target to build an object file
ape/apetag.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apetag.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ape/apetag.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apetag.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ape/apetag.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ape/apetag.s

# target to build an object file
audioproperties.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/audioproperties.o

# target to preprocess a source file
audioproperties.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/audioproperties.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
audioproperties.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/audioproperties.s

# target to build an object file
fileref.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/fileref.o

# target to preprocess a source file
fileref.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/fileref.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
fileref.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/fileref.s

# target to build an object file
flac/flacfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/flac/flacfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
flac/flacfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/flac/flacfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
flac/flacfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/flac/flacfile.s

# target to build an object file
flac/flacproperties.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/flac/flacproperties.o

# target to preprocess a source file
flac/flacproperties.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/flac/flacproperties.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
flac/flacproperties.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/flac/flacproperties.s

# target to build an object file
mpc/mpcfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpc/mpcfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpc/mpcfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpc/mpcfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpc/mpcfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpc/mpcfile.s

# target to build an object file
mpc/mpcproperties.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpc/mpcproperties.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpc/mpcproperties.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpc/mpcproperties.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpc/mpcproperties.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpc/mpcproperties.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/mpegfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/mpegfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/mpegfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegfile.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/mpegheader.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegheader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/mpegheader.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegheader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/mpegheader.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegheader.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/mpegproperties.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegproperties.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/mpegproperties.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegproperties.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/mpegproperties.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/mpegproperties.s

# target to build an object file
mpeg/xingheader.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/xingheader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
mpeg/xingheader.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/xingheader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
mpeg/xingheader.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/mpeg/xingheader.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/flac/oggflacfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/flac/oggflacfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/flac/oggflacfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/flac/oggflacfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/flac/oggflacfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/flac/oggflacfile.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/oggfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/oggfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/oggfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggfile.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/oggpage.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggpage.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/oggpage.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggpage.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/oggpage.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggpage.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/oggpageheader.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggpageheader.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/oggpageheader.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggpageheader.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/oggpageheader.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/oggpageheader.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.s

# target to build an object file
ogg/xiphcomment.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/xiphcomment.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ogg/xiphcomment.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/xiphcomment.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ogg/xiphcomment.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/ogg/xiphcomment.s

# target to build an object file
tag.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/tag.o

# target to preprocess a source file
tag.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/tag.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
tag.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/tag.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/tbytevector.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tbytevector.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/tbytevector.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tbytevector.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/tbytevector.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tbytevector.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/tbytevectorlist.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tbytevectorlist.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/tbytevectorlist.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tbytevectorlist.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/tbytevectorlist.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tbytevectorlist.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/tdebug.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tdebug.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/tdebug.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tdebug.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/tdebug.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tdebug.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/tfile.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/tfile.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/tfile.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tfile.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/tstring.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tstring.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/tstring.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tstring.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/tstring.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tstring.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/tstringlist.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tstringlist.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/tstringlist.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tstringlist.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/tstringlist.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/tstringlist.s

# target to build an object file
toolkit/unicode.o:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/unicode.o

# target to preprocess a source file
toolkit/unicode.i:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/unicode.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
toolkit/unicode.s:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(MAKE) -f taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/build.make taglib/CMakeFiles/tag.dir/toolkit/unicode.s

# Help Target
help::
	@echo "The following are some of the valid targets for this Makefile:"
	@echo "... all (the default if no target is provided)"
	@echo "... clean"
	@echo "... depend"
	@echo "... edit_cache"
	@echo "... install"
	@echo "... install/local"
	@echo "... list_install_components"
	@echo "... rebuild_cache"
	@echo "... tag"
	@echo "... ape/apefooter.o"
	@echo "... ape/apefooter.i"
	@echo "... ape/apefooter.s"
	@echo "... ape/apeitem.o"
	@echo "... ape/apeitem.i"
	@echo "... ape/apeitem.s"
	@echo "... ape/apetag.o"
	@echo "... ape/apetag.i"
	@echo "... ape/apetag.s"
	@echo "... audioproperties.o"
	@echo "... audioproperties.i"
	@echo "... audioproperties.s"
	@echo "... fileref.o"
	@echo "... fileref.i"
	@echo "... fileref.s"
	@echo "... flac/flacfile.o"
	@echo "... flac/flacfile.i"
	@echo "... flac/flacfile.s"
	@echo "... flac/flacproperties.o"
	@echo "... flac/flacproperties.i"
	@echo "... flac/flacproperties.s"
	@echo "... mpc/mpcfile.o"
	@echo "... mpc/mpcfile.i"
	@echo "... mpc/mpcfile.s"
	@echo "... mpc/mpcproperties.o"
	@echo "... mpc/mpcproperties.i"
	@echo "... mpc/mpcproperties.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v1/id3v1genres.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v1/id3v1tag.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/attachedpictureframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/commentsframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/generalencapsulatedobjectframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/relativevolumeframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/textidentificationframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/uniquefileidentifierframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/frames/unknownframe.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2extendedheader.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2footer.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2frame.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2framefactory.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2header.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2synchdata.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/id3v2/id3v2tag.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegfile.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegfile.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegfile.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegheader.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegheader.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegheader.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegproperties.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegproperties.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/mpegproperties.s"
	@echo "... mpeg/xingheader.o"
	@echo "... mpeg/xingheader.i"
	@echo "... mpeg/xingheader.s"
	@echo "... ogg/flac/oggflacfile.o"
	@echo "... ogg/flac/oggflacfile.i"
	@echo "... ogg/flac/oggflacfile.s"
	@echo "... ogg/oggfile.o"
	@echo "... ogg/oggfile.i"
	@echo "... ogg/oggfile.s"
	@echo "... ogg/oggpage.o"
	@echo "... ogg/oggpage.i"
	@echo "... ogg/oggpage.s"
	@echo "... ogg/oggpageheader.o"
	@echo "... ogg/oggpageheader.i"
	@echo "... ogg/oggpageheader.s"
	@echo "... ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.o"
	@echo "... ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.i"
	@echo "... ogg/vorbis/vorbisfile.s"
	@echo "... ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.o"
	@echo "... ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.i"
	@echo "... ogg/vorbis/vorbisproperties.s"
	@echo "... ogg/xiphcomment.o"
	@echo "... ogg/xiphcomment.i"
	@echo "... ogg/xiphcomment.s"
	@echo "... tag.o"
	@echo "... tag.i"
	@echo "... tag.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/tbytevector.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/tbytevector.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/tbytevector.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/tbytevectorlist.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/tbytevectorlist.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/tbytevectorlist.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/tdebug.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/tdebug.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/tdebug.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/tfile.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/tfile.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/tfile.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/tstring.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/tstring.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/tstring.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/tstringlist.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/tstringlist.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/tstringlist.s"
	@echo "... toolkit/unicode.o"
	@echo "... toolkit/unicode.i"
	@echo "... toolkit/unicode.s"



#=============================================================================
# Special targets to cleanup operation of make.

# Special rule to run CMake to check the build system integrity.
# No rule that depends on this can have commands that come from listfiles
# because they might be regenerated.
cmake_check_build_system:
	cd /Users/paul/Desktop/Estelle-ruby/ext/taglib && $(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 0

